please welcome Ben Affleck
Wow you look you look healthy you look
healthy
yeah you know you do this superhero
movie and so you get muscle and then you
must have turns the fat you know wow I
mean really it's not enough cycle yeah
no I mean no offense I really don't mean
to put you in a but uncomfortable ition
but you look we've really ballooned up I
think sighs I didn't think this was
gonna be about body shaming tonight what
is uh what is going on what do you got a
monkey under there or something what's
happening here this Minnie's going on
here it's moving I'm not touching you
this is that you know what I'm upset
with you more than him about this who
would you get to decide when it's time
to bury the hatchet you know what he's
done to me I think that's a mutual
friend it's time to you know this is not
about you this is about well there is no
us it's not about us not how to see come
on no don't have a seat
not against cousins you're not a guest
segment this is why I guess it's here
that's amazing
this is a lot of guessing on
you might be good about I don't feel
good about it this is the guest year
that's not the guest chair that's a
spare chair in case anything happens to
this guest
you're ruining the Oscar show nobody
wants you here well I smile with
audiences turned on me
and I feel feel like Dorothy this is
wonderful you know this is illegal what
you're doing right this is not you this
is trespassing this is potentially
breaking and entering you know you could
be I could have you arrested right now
for this right I didn't know that if
that's true I don't know that is true
and you're an accessory here's our
invited guests and you should treat him
a little better
there was not a plus-one on your
invitation to be here tonight was there
not technically not that's why I was a
1/1 crowd and to not have him in the
camera shot please can we just can we
please it yes we just slide it over so
yes there we go that's fine that's how
we can do this segment that's perfectly
fine with me you're supposed to do
something I supposed to be watching this
show and protect with an action is
nominated for an Oscar and I can't get
on the OP Thank You Vicki please
yeah and beat them up a little bit too
hey that's too bad you want to go you
want to go see his show you go see a
show that's right wow that's a real
bummer I have to say I mean I know your
intentions were good but I am furious
right now and I was gonna do something
nice and I was going to show this
picture of you and him when you are at
your sponsor and now I'm not going to
how old are you in this picture
I am nine years old there and look at
how you're with your mom they're looking
oh happy you like the reputation somehow
he gets a reputation the nice guy I
swear to God right he's not the nice guy
I've been figuratively carrying him for
years that's how he snuck into show
business in the prison place true or
false you wrote Good Will Hunting Matt
did the typing for that this is a fine
line you know if you remember when you
guys won the Oscar and you had to go up
on stage do you remember what you said I
have no idea what I said it did he have
it was there no we were so young and
naive and like we didn't think write a
speech that would be like assuming we
were gonna win and that would have been
arrogant and we didn't think we were
gonna win and the whole idea of writing
a speech was to be absurd
right so then we do win and then Matt's
like you go first
which I thought was like really gracious
and generous I mean I realize he was
standing there coming up with things to
say ah I don't whenever thanks Boston
eight times in a row you happy you can't
go back exactly
thanks for watching if you liked that
subscribe to our YouTube channel for all
the latest videos and if you didn't
subscribe anyway it's free who cares